{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}

{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\info
{\author Philipp Wallimann}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo4\dy22\hr17\min29\sec38\timesinceref514567778}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo4\dy22\hr17\min29\sec38\timesinceref514567778}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\viewkind1
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Monologue\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \

\i Intro sequence:\

\i0 Commander\'92s Log, Day 1. We\'92re about to arrive on the space station Aeneas. What makes this station so special is the fact that it\'92s completely modular. However, this also means that there\'92s quite a bit of work ahead of us to get it up and running.\
\

\i Gameplay starts:\

\i0 We\'92ve brought some resources with us and we should put them to good use. A storage module will give us a place to put them before we go any further.\
> Storage module is highlighted in building list \
\

\i After storage module constructed:\

\i0 Great, now we can actually store the supplies we brought.\
> Highlight resources at top of screen\
Our next priority is to look after our electricity production. We need to construct a solar panel so we have enough power to run this thing. It might be useful to build some empty modules first so we have space for the panels.\
> Solar panels and empty modules are highlighted and enabled in building list.\
\

\i After solar panels constructed:\

\i0 Keep in mind these things don\'92t produce electricity at night. So watch out for our battery capacities.\
Now we need to build a place to sleep. \
> Sleeping chamber is highlighted and enabled in building list\
\

\i After sleeping chamber constructed:\

\i0 Now we\'92ve got all the basics done to survive up here. We will receive periodic shipments of the necessary supplies like food, oxygen or raw materials. We need to use the command module to give an order for tomorrow.\
> Tool Tip: click on command module, use sliders to \
We need to make sure to always order enough oxygen and food. But then we also need building materials to expand the station.\
\

\i Day 2:\

\i0 Commander\'92s Log, Day 2. What a beautiful sight to see the glowing sun emerge behind the blue marble of our planet.\
Sleeping in zero g was quite an unusual experience, it will take some time to get used to it.\
\

\i Transport ship is closing in\

\i0 The daily shipment is about to arrive, let\'92s see what they brought us this time.\
\

\i After Transport ship has docked\

\i0 The ship will leave again in one minute. It will not be able to give us any materials that we don\'92t have room for.\
We\'92ll be able to expand our station with what we\'92ve got. If we could become more self sufficient, a smaller portion of the payload would need to be necessities.\
> All modules in building list except cryostatic chamber are unlocked. Plant module and hydrolysis module are highlighted.\
\

\i Near the end of the second day:\

\i0 We\'92ll need to select a shipment for the next day. Maybe getting some more crew up here wouldn\'92t be a bad idea. They will want their own sleeping chambers, though.\
\

\i Day 3:\

\i0 Commander\'92s Log, Day 3. We\'92re slowly getting used to the situation up here.\
Some recent missions from the agency have brought asteroids in orbit around earth. Maybe we could tap into those resources. We\'92ll need to build a rocket module for that.\
\

\i Random logs:\

\i0 Commander\'92s Log, Day x.\
> Before the war. One of the following options:\
- It\'92s all quiet up here. Nothing special\'92s happening today.\
- Another beautiful day up here. Well there\'92s not exactly a thing like bad weather in space, is there?\
- When I look down at the earth like this, I do miss my family. They\'92re down there on this huge world. But now we got a small world of our own up here.\
- We\'92re hearing stories of political turmoil down on earth. None of that matters to us as long as we get our shipments on time.\
- Sometimes I miss life on Earth. But it\'92s important work we\'92re doing up here.\
- I\'92m looking forward to holding my son again. But I won\'92t be back on earth for another three months.\
- Occasionally I see some asteroids getting within a few kilometers of us. But I shouldn\'92t worry about it.\
- There have been no unusual events lately.\
- Sometimes I hear a bit of creaking in the storage module. The other crew members assured me that there is nothing to worry about.\
- The collaboration in the crew is working really well. I am glad to see that everyone adjusted so well to life in space.\
- It is impressive to see the collaboration among our crew despite the fact that we come from very different countries and cultures.\
- Every day I am up here makes me feel proud to do this for my country and humanity as a whole.\
- The Aeneas is coming along pretty nicely. The new developments are promising.\
\
> After the war. Before trying to contact survivors. One of the following options:\
- We haven\'92t received any signals since \'85 the war. I wonder if anyone survived?\
- When I look down at earth now, I am overwhelmed with a feeling of sadness that humanity has actually wiped itself out.\
- Once again, there was no light to be seen on the night side of the earth.\
- We\'92re alive up here while everyone is dead down there on earth. Sometimes I wonder if it\'92s even worth it to keep going.\
- Every time I wake up, I hope that this was all a dream\'85 I just want to see my family again.\
- Seeing the dead planet below me makes me feel so \'85 powerless.\
- There are no more shipments from Earth\'92s surface. Unless there\'92s some sort of miracle, our fate will be the same as the one of our brothers on Earth.\
- I would have rather spent the last days of my life with my family than on this station.\
- We haven\'92t given up hope on finding survivors yet. We just need to scan for their signals.\
\
> At any point:\
- (If oxygen is getting low) The oxygen levels of the ship are quite concerning. If we don\'92t find a solution soon, we will suffocate.\
- (If oxygen level critical) It\'92s almost impossible to breathe. *Cough* Is this the end?\
- (If oxygen levels were low the day before but no longer) It seems like the oxygen situation has stabilized. We\'92ve got some breathing room now, quite literally.\
- (If water is getting low) We\'92re all thirsty here. We really need to get access to fresh water.\
- (If water critical) My throat feels so dry. *Cough* Need water.\
- (If food is getting low) The crew\'92s been complaining that we don\'92t get enough food. Our situation is indeed quite dire.\
- (If food critical) We won\'92t hold out much longer if we can\'92t get anything to eat.\
- (If electricity low) Our batteries are almost dry. This would have terrible consequences for the operation of our ship.\
- (If electricity critical) We have no power left. The systems of the station are shutting down and we\'92re freezing.\
\

\i Event: Eclipse\

\i0 Would you look at that? An eclipse in space. But this does mean that that our solar panels won\'92t be working for a while.\
\

\i Event: Debris Impact\

\i0 Shit, it looks like some space debris has hit our station. We need to repair the hole before too much oxygen drains.\
\

\i Event: Solar Flare\

\i0 (Before World War) Scientists have predicted increased solar activity today. This means any electrical device not protected by a magnet will work very unreliably. Luckily, the earth\'92s magnetic field protects us from these effects.\
(After World War) Our sensors indicate that the sun is heavily active today. The nuclear bombs of the war have changed the Earth\'92s magnetic field so much that it won\'92t protect us. We need to set up our own magnets\
> Highlight magnet module in building menu\
\

\i Event: Launch Failure\

\i0 I just received the message that there\'92s been a failure in the launch of today\'92s supply rocket. There won\'92t be another delivery until tomorrow. We\'92ll have to see how we manage.}